12/01/2016

Appointment Reciept

ᵩ뵭वदे श मं 斺᫃ालय भारत सरकार Ministry of External Affairs Government of India Online Application Receipt
Applicant Details: Application Reference No. 16­0000532388 (ARN) Service Type Type of Application Given Name Surname Gender Father's Name Mother's Name Date of Birth Place of Birth Marital Status Employment Type Present Residential Address FRESH NORMAL VYOM CHINMAY KHATAVKAR MALE CHINMAY VINAY KHATAVKAR NUPUR CHINMAY KHATAVKAR 04/11/2015 JALGAON,JALGAON,MAHARASHTRA SINGLE NOT EMPLOYED 103, RAJANI CORNER, BALAJI NAGAR, DHANKAVDI, PUNE, PUNE CITY, 411043, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA PRAKASH GORE, BALAJI ELECTRONICS, NEAR ELORA PALACE, BALAJI NAGAR, DHANKAVDI, PUNE, 9881712852, 020224370778 SUNIL DESAI, 304, RAJANI CORNER, BALAJI NAGAR, DHANKAVDI, PUNE, 9422008460 Payment Details# Payment Status Appointment Details: Passport Seva Kendra Address Not paid 

Appointment Id Appointment Date and Time Reporting Date and Time

Application Submitted Date 12/01/2016

  Batch   Sequence No.    

       

Applicants References Details: First Reference

Second Reference

Please Read Carefully: Please carry printed copy of this ARN slip. Check Document Advisor on website  'www.passportindia.gov.in'  to  know  the  documents  required  at  PSK.Carry  original  documents  and  their self attested photocopies. Final decision with regard to documents required is at the discretion of RPO staff at PSK. In case of minor either of the parents has to sign on all photo copies. In case of minor applicants (below 4 years of age), carry the recent passport size photograph (4.5 X 3.5 cm) with white background. Only  applicant  is  allowed  inside  the  PSK.  However,  in  case  of  exceptions  such  as  Senior  Citizen  /  Physically  Challenged  /  Illiterate  /  Minor applicants, one person from the family may be allowed to accompany inside PSK. At PSK, a paper token will be issued to you after checking of documents.Your application will be processed at Counter A followed by counters  B and C. At all stages, please be alert and watch the token display screens to know the counter at which your application will be processed. Please collect acknowledgement slip from the Exit counter before leaving PSK. Also,you are requested to fill the feedback form at the exit counter. Thanks  for  showing  your  interest  in  'Passport  Seva  SMS  Services'  enrolment.  Please  pay  Rs  40/­  (FORTY  ONLY)  in  cash  as  the  Enrolment Charges during your visit to Passport Seva Kendra. Help us to serve you better. # Details as per the Payment Date. Payment once made for availing passport services will not be refunded.

 

https://portal1.passportindia.gov.in/AppOnlineProject/secure/openPdfForApplReciept

1/3

12/01/2016

Appointment Reciept

The following table lists Applicant Categories along with the Documents to be Submitted. The Document No. mentioned in Documents to be Submitted column is the reference given to the document mentioned in List of Documents table.  

Applicant Categories
Either/ Both parent(s) hold a valid Passport with spouse name endorsed Neither of the parent holds a valid Passport

Documents to be Submitted
(i) 1 (of parents), 2, 10 (with spouse name endorsed) (ii) 16 (signed by both parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent) (i) 1 (of parents), 2 (ii) 16 (signed by both parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent) (i) 1 (of parents or Legal Guardian if both parents are resident abroad), 2, 5, 10 (with spouse name endorsed) (ii) 16 ( signed by the parent or the legal guardian) or 15 (one parent not given consent) 1 (of parents), 2, 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed) (i) 1 (of parents), 2 (ii) 16 (signed by both parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent) (iii) 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed) , 13 (of dependent) and 17 in case No Police Verification is required (i) 1 (of Adopter parents), 2, 6, 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed) (ii) 16 (signed by both adoptive parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent) 1 (of parents), 2, 6, 7, 8, 10 (i) 1 (of the parent who has the custody of the child), 2, 9, 10(if any) (ii) 16 (signed by both parents ­ If other parent has visiting rights) or 15 (one parent not given consent) 1 (of the parent with whom the child is residing), 2, 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed), 14 1 (of parent), 2, 10 (if any), 14 1 (of parents), 2, 10(if any ­ with spouse name endorsed), 12, 16 (signed by legal guardian) 1 (of parent), 2, 10 (if any), 11 (of deceased parent), 16 (i) 1 (of parents), 2, 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed) (ii) 16 (signed by both parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent)  Note: Additional PV required from Guwahati through MHA (i) 1 (of parents), 2, 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed) (ii) 16 (signed by both parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent) (i) 1 (of parents), 2, 3, 4, 10 (if any ­ with spouse name endorsed) (ii) 16 (signed by both parents) or 15 (one parent not given consent)

Either/ Both parent(s) resident abroad Minors who are between 15 and 18 years of age wishes to obtain a full validity Passport for 10 years Children of Government/ Public Sector/ Statutory body employees

Children adopted by Indian parents Children adopted by foreign parents Parents are divorced Parents are separated but not divorced Single parent of the child born out of wedlock

Applied by one parent/ guardian when consent of one or both parents not possible 1 (of parent), 2, 10 (if any­ with spouse name endorsed ), 15 Applied by Legal Guardian Minors with single parent (One parent deceased) Minors from Nagaland (below 18 years) Minors from Jammu and Kashmir (below 10 years for Tatkaal Application) Minor students staying away from parents

   

Document No.

List of Documents
Proof of Present Address.  For Proof of Address attach one of the following documents: a.  Water bill/ Telephone (landline or post paid mobile bill)/ Electricity bill b.  Photo passbook of running Bank Account (Scheduled Public Sector Banks, Scheduled Private Sector Indian Banks and Regional Rural Banks only) c.  Income Tax Assessment Order d.  Election Commission Photo ID card e.  Gas connection bill f.  Certificate from Employer of reputed and widely known companies on letter head (Only public limited companies can give address proof on company letter head along with seal. Computerised print­outs shall not be entertained) g.  Spouse's passport copy (First and last page including family details), (provided the applicant's present address matches the address mentioned in the spouse's passport) h.  Applicant's current and valid ration card  Note: If any applicant submits only ration card as proof of address, it should be accompanied by one more proof of address out of the given categories. i.  Parent's passport copy, in case of minors (First and last page) j.  Aadhaar Letter/ Card k.  Registered Rent Agreement (for a period of more than one year) Note: 1.  Applicants are required to submit the proof of address of the present address only, irrespective of the date from which he/she has been residing at the given address. However, he/she is required to mention all the place of stay during previous one year in the Passport application form. 2.  Aadhaar letter/card or the e­Aadhaar (an electronically generated letter from the website of UIDAI), as the case may be, will be accepted as Proof of Address (POA)  and  Proof of Photo­Identity (POI)  for availing passport related services. Acceptance of  Aadhaar as PoA and PoI would be subject to successful validation with Aadhaar database. Proof of Date of Birth.  For Proof of Date of Birth attach one of the following documents: a.  Birth certificate issued by a Municipal Authority or any office authorized to issue Birth and Death Certificate by the Registrar of Births & Deaths b.  School leaving certificate / Secondary School leaving certificate/ Certificate of Recognized Boards from the school last attended by the applicant or any other recognized educational institution c.  Affidavit sworn before a Magistrate/Notary stating date/place of birth as per the specimen in Annexure "A" by illiterate or semi­illiterate applicants (Less than 5th class).

1.

2.

https://portal1.passportindia.gov.in/AppOnlineProject/secure/openPdfForApplReciept

2/3

12/01/2016

Appointment Reciept
For applicants born on or after 26.01.89, only Birth Certificate issued by the Municipal Authority or any office authorized to issue Birth and Death Certificate by the Registrar of Births & Deaths is acceptable. The Birth Certificate should ordinarily contain the name of child, name of father and mother, date of birth, place of birth, sex, registration number and date of registration. If the Birth Certificate doesn't contain the name of child, a declaration on plain paper signed by parents, is required to be submitted specifying the name of the child. 3. Student Identity Card issued by Government Recognized Educational Institutions, in respect of full time courses 4. Bonafide Letter from authorized signatory of college (On official letter head of UGC recognized College) 5. 6. A sworn affidavit by the parent(s) resident abroad attested by the Indian Mission along with affidavit from parent residing in India as well (as per Annexure 'H') Valid adoption deed with photo of the child duly attested by the Court (in the case of Christians, Muslims and Parsis, a court decree/ order granting adoption/ guardianship and allowing the child to be taken out of the Country)

7. CARA No Objection Certificate 8. Copy of the guarantee executed before the Court concerned 9. Certified copy of the court order for custody of the child in favor of the applicant's parent 10. Attested photocopy of Passport of both or either parent 11. Death Certificate 12. Court Decree/order in respect of legal guardian 13. "Identity Certificate" in original as per Annexure "B" 14. A Declaration affirming the particulars furnished in the application about the minor child as per: Annexure "C" (by single parent or by either parent who are separated but not formally divorced)

15. A Declaration affirming the particulars furnished in the application about the minor as per Annexure "G" (one parent not given consent) 16. A Declaration affirming the particulars furnished in the application about the minor as per: Annexure "H" 17. Standard Affidavit as per Annexure "I"

    Note: The list of documents provided in the table above is indicative. The decision of APO/RPO shall be considered final.  

https://portal1.passportindia.gov.in/AppOnlineProject/secure/openPdfForApplReciept

3/3

